chore: updates from Feb 2026 DX Tools mtg notes (#2380)
shopware/docs: products/tools/cli/index.md

- uploading and maintaining extensions in the Shopware Store
- running CI/CD pipelines for Shopware-based solutions

For GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, and Docker examples, see [CI/CD and development environments](installation.md#cicd-and-development-environments).

> Shopware CLI runs on macOS, Linux, and via Docker. For system-level requirements (PHP, DB, memory, etc.) see the [General Requirements](../../../guides/installation/system-requirements.md). Windows users should use WSL 2 or Docker. (See full [installation](installation.md) page for Windows details.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Shopware CLI runs on macOS, Linux, and via Docker. For system-level requirements (PHP, DB, memory, etc.) see the [System Requirements](../../../guides/installation/system-requirements.md). Windows users should use WSL 2 or Docker. (See [Installation Options](installation.md) page for Windows details.)
```
